Welcome to the third section of regular expression.
Let's begin with modifier se in this section.
This modifier is used with a special character class called DOT.
Ideally, when you use a dot in regular expression pattern, that means you want to search for any character.
Dot represents any character.
For example, I want to search a word which begins with H.
There can be any character between H and L, for example.
So it can be written like this.
Let's say I will declare a string which has Hello and Ola.
So I will say h e low and space h o Allah.
Now I want to apply a pattern where the string begins with h.
There can be any character.
So here we have E in the first word and or in the second word.
And the third character is L.
So I'm going to say message dot match and the pattern will be.
Each dot.
That means any character.
And of course, l and of course I want to go for global search.
So I'll say slash G.
Let's also console.log the output and run the code.
Now you can see that it has returned h, e, l and h all so h and L is the characters which we know.
But in between that is going to be one character, but it can be any character.
In such case, you use the dot.
That's a kind of character class we have in regular expression.
So it has returned two values and both begin with H.
Then any character in this case E or O, and next character is L.
Now assume that after etch in Hello instead of E, we have a new line that is slash n, so let's change
E to slash n and run the code.
Now, as you see, that hole is returned.
But the search did not work for etch then slash MN and O.
The reason is DOT does search for any single character, but if there is a new line, then that new
line character is not treated as any character by the dot.
Suppose you want that even new line should be searched.
When you say any character using dot, then you can use the slash as flag or modifier.
Let's change the code by adding s modifier and run the code again.
Now edge slash an l that is h new line l is also surged so modifier as tells the dot to consider the
new line as any character in the search pattern.
At the time of creating this tutorial slash s modifier works in chrome but doesn't work with Firefox
and i.e..